README.md, before:

# Play with Artificial Intelligence (AI)

Have you ever wondered how AI works? 

Here you find an example of a very simple AI in the form of a small neural network implemented in the beginner-friendly Scala programming language. 

* This AI has 6 neurons with in total 20 parameters that are adjusted during training on 4 data points. 
* A smart AI such as ChatGPT has more than 100 million parameters and is trained on really big data...

See also slides from my talk here: https://github.com/bjornregnell/AI-taking-over 

# How to run

You can run this code **online** here: https://scastie.scala-lang.org/UN0hBkX2RMeHsle1DYLw0Q

Or you can run it **locally** on your own machine as follows:

* Install latest Scala (>3.5) from here: https://www.scala-lang.org/download/

* Download this [zip-file](https://github.com/bjornregnell/scai/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) and unpack it. 

* Open a terminal [(see here how to open a terminal)](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=how+to+open+terminal) and navigate to the folder where you unpacked the zip-file, with some command similar to `cd Downloads/scai-main` and then run this command:

  ```
  scala run .
  ```

Commit message:

update readme add link to prototype viz

README.md, after:

# Play with Artificial Intelligence (AI)

Have you ever wondered how AI works? 

Here you find an example of a very simple AI in the form of a small neural network implemented in the beginner-friendly Scala programming language. 

* This AI has 6 neurons with in total 20 parameters that are adjusted during training on 4 data points. 
* A smart AI such as ChatGPT has more than 100 million parameters and is trained on really big data...

See also slides from my talk here: https://github.com/bjornregnell/AI-taking-over 

## How to run

You can run this code **online** here: https://scastie.scala-lang.org/UN0hBkX2RMeHsle1DYLw0Q

Or you can run it **locally** on your own machine as follows:

* Install latest Scala (>3.5) from here: https://www.scala-lang.org/download/

* Download this [zip-file](https://github.com/bjornregnell/scai/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) and unpack it. 

* Open a terminal [(see here how to open a terminal)](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=how+to+open+terminal) and navigate to the folder where you unpacked the zip-file, with some command similar to `cd Downloads/scai-main` and then run this command:

  ```
  scala run .
  ```

## Prototype network visualization

This prototype web app visualizes the network: https://eryndir.github.io/vscAi/ 

The prototype visualization code is available here: https://github.com/Eryndir/vscAi
